Entry "Priority Class" added to glossary (#41972)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/priority-class.md

---
title: Priority Class
id: priority-class
date: 2023-07-10
full_link: /docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass
short_description: >

>  The PriorityClass is a resource that allows you to assign priorities to different pods within a cluster It helps the scheduler prioritize the scheduling of pods based on their importance or criticality.

Reviewer: This is a bit long. Can you write just one sentence here?

Reviewer 2: > a cluster It helps

Well, now it's one sentence, but only because punctuation was removed. ;)

I think it would be good to just stop at "within a cluster." and drop the second sentence. That's enough for a short description.

aka:
tags:

> - operation

Reviewer: A PriorityClass is not an operation.

---

>  A Priority Class is an object that is not namespaced and it maps a priority class name to a priority value represented as an integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object that a priority class name to a Pod priority value, represented as an integer.
```

<!--more-->

> The [PriorityClass](docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityClass) is a non-namespaced object that defines a mapping from a priority class name to the integer value of the priority. The name of the priority is specified in the `name` field, and the value of the priority is specified in the `value` field. The higher the value, the higher the priority. The value of PriorityClass object can be in range from -2147483648 to 1000000000 inclusive.

Reviewer 3: You can look how the modifications in this PR are rendered in deploy preview page at [deploy-preview-41972-glossary/priority-class-page-link](https://deploy-preview-41972--kubernetes-io-main-staging.netlify.app/docs/reference/glossary/?operation=true#term-priority-class) and check whether the existing link '[PriorityClass]' is functional or not. 

```suggestion
The [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass) is a non-namespaced object that defines a mapping from a priority class name to the integer value of the priority. The name of the priority is specified in the `name` field, and the value of the priority is specified in the `value` field. The higher the value, the higher the priority. The value of PriorityClass object can be in range from -2147483648 to 1000000000 inclusive.
```

Author: Hi @dipesh-rawat . Can you suggest me what tags should be used to search Priority Class?

> The [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass) is a non-namespaced object that defines a mapping from a priority class name to the integer value of the priority. The name of the priority is specified in the `name` field, and the value of the priority is specified in the `value` field. The higher the value, the higher the priority. The value of PriorityClass object can be in range from -2147483648 to 1000000000 inclusive.

Reviewer: Please wrap this line at, say, 90 characters per line. Also check that each sentence is technically correct.

---

> title: Priority Class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: PriorityClass
```

id: priority-class
date: 2023-07-10
full_link: /docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass
short_description: >

>   PriorityClass resource assigns priorities to pods, helping the scheduler prioritize scheduling based on importance or criticality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A mapping from a class name to the scheduling priority that a Pod should have.
```

aka:
tags:
  - core-object

>   - workload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

> A Priority Class maps a name to a priority value as an integer and is not namespaced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PriorityClass is a named class for the scheduling priority that should be assigned to a Pod
in that class.
```

<!-- more -->

> The PriorityClass is a non-namespaced object mapping a name to an integer priority. The name is specified in the name field, and the priority value in the value field. Priorities range from -2147483648 to 1000000000 inclusive. Higher values indicate higher priority.

Reviewer: I also recommend linking to `/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#how-to-use-priority-and-preemption` (sic) here

---
title: Priority Class
id: priority-class
date: 2023-07-10
full_link: docs/concepts/configuration/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass
short_description: >
 the PriorityClass is a resource that allows you to assign priorities to different pods within a cluster It helps the scheduler prioritize the scheduling of pods based on their importance or criticality.
aka:
tags:
- operation
---
 A Priority Class is an object that is not namespaced and it maps a priority class name to a priority value represented as an integer.
<!--more-->

> The [PriorityClass](docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityClass) is a non-namespaced object that defines a mapping from a priority class name to the integer value of the priority. The name of the priority is specified in the `name` field, and the value of the priority is specified in the `value` field. The higher the value, the higher the priority. The value of PriorityClass object can be in range from -2147483648 to 1000000000 inclusive. 

Reviewer 3: The link is not correct needs a minor correction. Refer below suggestion. 

Also, would be nice to wrap the long lines of text and remove the extra-blank lines from end of this file as request in the [earlier review comment](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/41972/files#r1261845097).

```suggestion
The [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityClass) is a non-namespaced object that defines a mapping from a priority class name to the integer value of the priority. The name of the priority is specified in the `name` field, and the value of the priority is specified in the `value` field. The higher the value, the higher the priority. The value of PriorityClass object can be in range from -2147483648 to 1000000000 inclusive. 
```

Author: I actually had /docs in my earlier PR but I was suggested to change it to docs

Reviewer 3: @EraKin575 Refer https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/41972#discussion_r1266549586 to validate if the current suggested link in the PR is working or not.

---
title: Priority Class
id: priority-class
date: 2023-07-10

> full_link: /docs/concepts/configuration/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass

Reviewer 2: Looks like this should actually be `docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass`?

Author: Sure! I will make these changes

Reviewer 4: 👋 @EraKin575 

Can you update the `full_link` field?

Author: Yes I have. Thanks for the feedback. Please tell me if further changes  are required

short_description: >
 the PriorityClass is a resource that allows you to assign priorities to different pods within a cluster It helps the scheduler prioritize the scheduling of pods based on their importance or criticality.

aka:
tags:
- operation
---

>  the PriorityClass is a resource that allows you to assign priorities to different pods within a     {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="cluster" >}}. It helps the scheduler prioritize the scheduling of pods based on their importance or criticality.

Reviewer 2: Please use proper casing (`s/the/The`) here and above.

<!--more-->

> The [PriorityClass](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityClass) is defined as a Kubernetes resource object and consists of a priority value. The priority value is an integer ranging from 0 to 1000000000, where 0 represents the highest priority. Higher values indicate lower priorities. In addition, a global default priority can be set for pods that do not have an explicit PriorityClass assigned to them.

Reviewer 3: There seems to be some inconsistency between the information proposed here and the information we already have in [docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass). Can you please review it and ensure its accuracy?

Author: Yes. Thanks for the feedback. I have made changes to the content. Please tell me if further changes are required

> 

Reviewer 2: Please remove all of the extra blank lines.
